[Music]
[Music] [Music]
[Laughter]
[Music] [Music
] [
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music
] [Music
]
[Music]
[Music] [
Laughter]
[Music]
My goodness family How are you? What an [ __ ], what an
[ __ ] the link is giving me,
man? What an [ __ ]
the cam link is giving me, man
and now I'm listening There's a noise
that I don't know where it's coming from but come on, what a
[ __ ] pain in the ass the canlin is giving me,
man but the worst thing It's not the
[ __ ] he's giving me I mean the worst thing
is that he's
screwing my life up, he's
screwing my life up damn I'm feeling a little
red no
Marina it's nothing in the kid now the kids I'm feeling
a little red I didn't fall
asleep yesterday like that dude on the on the on the
edge of the pool lying down And
well, not today today I've been
totally the whole day by the pool to see
a roller sounds
you listen well and you're seeing
everything well
you know that I just realized now
while I was connecting and
disconnecting the link that I bought this
at pccomponent and normally despite
component is pretty good at those
things
so you don't have a problem and other things they don't
pay me I mean I'm not saying it I
see you overwhelmed Javi lots of encouragement
red heart red heart red heart we
love you
listening to a noise that I don't like uncle
María Ignacia Thank you very much It's that I
'm hearing a noise that I don't
like
[Music]
what is the noise Javier what is the noise let's
seesound
if I have two hours nailed down man to
know what I'm going to do put on my
headphones
because I'm going to be here two hours with
you
now Okay no more we already have a quarter
of an hour less we
already have a quarter now less let's
see I'm going to put on my headphones so I
don't hear the [ __ ] noise that's
bothering me man I'm
going to listen through the
headphones because I have a noise there
that's bothering me And it's screwing my life up
man let's see I'm going to try now to see
why it's being heard There let's see I
turn off the  speakers change
the reservation reassign
Ah I know why I did something here no
Okay now it should be fixed
okay okay man I'm going to put it like this because
if not it's that it touches my schools there is a
noise there I don't know but it's that I was
thinking now
that it hadn't occurred to me these days ago that the
components are really good guys I
mean the truth is they always don't pay me or
anything like that But they always
behave super well if you have any
problem They fix it
[Music]
then
[Music] I
can send the can link back and they
give me a new one because I think that what
is definitely failing is the can
link because when I connect and
disconnect it what happens is that it could be
the cable also you can
hear And it looks perfect No right now you ca
n't
hear it you can hear And it looks perfect
right now you can't hear it looks
perfect right now everything is
not worth it well I'm going to be here
with you for a while Although
[Music]
Although it is not the usual time at
10:30 I have to go with Marina to three
salsa but look it has worked out for me it has
worked out perfectly to be here almost
a couple of hours with you to discuss
some  topics that well Being me
disconnected being on vacation I don't
remember when well on different
occasions during the weekend
when I see something what I do is that I
write it down or I paste one I have like some
possible ones and some things on my phone to
Take note so that I don't forget anything that I have to
comment on no and I have to
comment on several things with you that I have been
seeing this morning and yesterday around
here okay first of all a
topic has come up that it's not that I have noticed it
this weekend
but it just came
out right during
today And it is that They have arrested a
tiktoker it says around here that she had no
idea who she was, I mean, she had no idea
who this lady was but she is
trending, I mean apparently she is a
very controversial person and I don't know who she might
have gotten involved with And what kind of content
were you making or whatever because
[Music]
suddenly It seems that everyone
knows her, the tiktoker mae maep has been arrested
for allegedly abusing a friend
when she was asleep
and publishing it on her social media profile
detained has complaints for
sending intimate photos to a minor
what a figure
This is not gender violence why well [ __ ]
[ __ ] has something strange been seen there no
[ __ ] they
are images from Antena 3 before okay No
anyway I'm not going to put them just in
case you know No but they are images
from Antena 3 let's see it
has Antena 3,
I mean Antena 3 has smoked a joint
antenna Teresa it was a joint
or rather Antena 3 has taken the images
for which they are a good one for which they
have reported this girl for which they
have arrested her
and she
is putting them I'm going to describe them to you
okay I'm not going to put it on screen
no no nothing's wrong with the String nothing was
seen nothing was seen let's see I saw some
panties there and I thought it was
[ __ ] more delicate photos but let's see they are
photos that they have posted on Antena 3 they
are photos that they have posted on Antena 3 I
mean I'm going to describe the images okay
basically the first ones would be some
Instagram stories where this
tiktoker
tries to wake up her friend's girlfriend
with a kiss let's
see  Personally,
that you wake up your partner with a
kiss is that I believed there was, let's see,
wait, wait, wait, it's not with a
kiss, let's see if I were going to wake up your
partner with a kiss, no, I mean,
from what the media describes,
open communication and things like that,
and then there are some images that are of the
girl. Well, basically in a thong,
sleeping in a thong, okay,
if it were Antena 3, I wouldn't have put this up,
the truth is, if it were Antena
3, I wouldn't have put them up or I wouldn't have
put up those images, right?
Good morning. Well, I don't know if you know that
the girl has been arrested for abusing
a friend and recording her touching and
certain quite unpleasant things. She
has been arrested by the Civil Guard,
many of you are going to have to
apologize when I'm tired of
saying that I have videos, I have evidence, I have
conversations where this little
character, you can't even call him a
character,
abuses a 10-year-old girl.
I am in contact with that person so
that how how how how how how how how
this character
abuses a 10-year-old girl.
I am in contact  with that person so
that apart from the Requena prosecutor's office,
the Chiva civil guard take
judicial action as soon as possible for the
child pornography that this person makes Well
now get in touch and
join one case with the other and be
investigated for crimes as serious as
abuse
and child pornography
more than one of you are going to have to ask me for
forgiveness when the sentence comes and
they put her in jail but
more than one of you should be ashamed to follow a
character
[ __ ] let's see I'm scared here going down
because there are media outlets
that have directly put the
not the news as such is that they have
directly put the videos and I don't
want to put it the truth I mean I prefer
not to not put it I'm seeing that in networks
that in networks there are even people to see
but this has had to be big eh
four arrested in Almeria for
extorting with sexual videos that
manipulated minors
mother of God
mother of God I
mean they have also charged him with the
crime of extortion
what person outside of
Almeria has arrested as the
newspaper voz populi claims the reason for the arrest
has been abusing  a friend while she was
sleeping and on top of that uploading it to social media
in the videos you could see him kissing her and
touching her without consent in addition the
friend claims to have received threats
of course there things get much worse
there things get much worse you know
the supposed friend went to the
civil guard in Guadalajara and it was the
civil guard of roquetas del mar in Almería
that arrested amaguev maez who by
the way had a history of
complaints above all
if he had a history then
with even more reason not that the
arrest
had surprised me in the sense
that they took measures so quickly no
point more to your house arrested and of course he
has a rather curious record a
bad character eh bad character eh
any news I'll tell you through Stories
as always
mother of God mother of God it
's that I no I had no idea
who this person was the truth is I just
saw it in the
media this one by David Santos la
bandera pay
attention to this breaking news
the influence of the maed arrested for
abusing a friend and uploading it to tiktok
look how twisted you have to be  to
do that I said the popular
tiktok influencer that I didn't even know the truth has
never been in life, I mean then I've
seen some of you
alienated David Santo there I think I've
also seen you around on Twitter
mentioning the subject to utbh's girlfriend to
do I've seen her around there also
talking about the subject, I mean apparently she
was controversial and had already had issues, I don't
say arrested in Roquetas de Mar for
supposedly sexually using a
friend while she was sleeping and publishing it the
victim reported in Guadalajara
explaining that an acquaintance where she had
stayed the night before had
kissed her and touched her genitals while she was
sleeping without her consent When she
woke up and realized what was
happening while she was recording her, she
immediately left the place, then by
phone she even received insults and
alleged death threats after the
complaint and the investigations
found the videos published on
social networks and
the influence identified as a
teacher was arrested But what kind of
dirty person can do something like that you must
be rotten inside and I hope
that justice is forceful against
you
well And  if justice is not forceful
against her, then they will invite her to some
event, no, they will
invite her to some event or they will
hire her to one of these brands, no
[Music] anything,
anything can happen
but what's happening to people lately,
especially young people from what I
see lately but they're all losing their minds
Well, I am, I am looking forward, I am looking forward, I
am looking forward to seeing
today and tomorrow, I am looking forward to seeing today and
tomorrow the whole line of hypocrites, the
whole line of hypocrites who are going to a
certain event
sharing these, retweeting this and
acting outraged that this is
much worse obviously because
even
including threats, no and so on, no, but
well,
but well, they
say around here that Ricky Eddy has talked
about it Well, I have seen that Ricky, I have
seen that he has posted a tweet but Ricky is
not going to the bald one, I understand, no, or if he goes to the
evening
tomorrow he will become a feminist and
many of Maep's videos have already been commented on. Javi is
a woman's character if
Will has commented on it, hater, I imagine that he is
like that,
characters of these kinds of  Instagram and
everything not like The Queen of Glitter
And those people wouldn't
disappoint me if it were no but let's see let's
see because I understand that people are
throwing their hands up in horror with what
this woman has done but man let's be
shocked Likewise
with other matters
my goodness
man and the history that she has much
more serious Yes yes it is infinitely more
serious It is much more serious
Yes yes yes it is
infinitely more serious let's see if we
're talking about that she has this video
this history
what a piece I had no [ __ ] idea
who she was no [ __ ] idea she
has videos abusing her mother Javi
my goodness
well I'll have to catch up I'll
have to catch up on that
I would have to catch up on that
to get a little context to see
who it is
Then I'll see it later I'll see it later
for the news
my goodness my goodness
what a piece
And why do they make people like that famous in
particular what happens what
usually happens in these cases is that
nowadays anyone can
open a channel a social network or
something like that no and many  sometimes I
paid more attention the
wildest the
most beastly the
most beastly
yells at him the mother takes his cell phone away
mother of God
mother of God And look at you and look at you I
was going to comment Today well I was not
going to comment on it I am going to comment on a
move that has happened in the last few
hours for which emita has become
very indignant Giovanni thank you very much
a kiss a kiss Erika
Maybe she is an abuser Ari forget the past
What the [ __ ]
well let's see obviously what happened with this
girl the case is much worse than the other one
but my goodness mother beautiful love mother
of beautiful love
these personalities attract as long as you
have some spark and you do something that
attracts attention not many times because of the
morbidity and the scandal Well look I mean
people watch and more on tiktok which are
quick videos Pin Pin story you know it's
not like a content that you have to
work hard and that you have to elaborate
and that every day you have to be
entertaining okay let's see look at what has
been scandalized gemita gemita
Or she leaves tell the truth who you hooked up with she's
going with the dry life that one or something  people
tell me they would pay
with some of the Queen sincerity you wouldn't
eat any of the Queens
really you tell me for or walls
silence yourself bro for the companions dude
Hi
what have you seen it has gone viral Okay and it has
scandalized some companions of the
Queens and the King among them Imita
and they are asking for action to be taken for
what you just heard and you will
say Javi and that we just heard
Well nothing to four notes that I imagine they
will be players okay
lexa Thank you very much Chucky
neurofunker is your client
to four notes basically they were
in a well in a String night
talking daring things and so on not
that if he would hook up or that if he went out or with
some companion
that if he would hook up or that if he has
hooked up with some companion
and look what gemita says Really or does it
seem to silence you bro go away we have to
have respect for the companions dude
Álvaro saying would you eat the quizle it
seems out of place to me that is very out
of place I have seen it too and from
here I want I think everyone
Kings League players are
old enough to know what they
can and can't touch they can
touch
anyone who hears this says
[ __ ] what did he say? They
messed with some girl's physique
they said something super obscene let's
see what it seems like a comment from a little kid
what the kids are doing
Okay but it's not even going to happen it's not
even close to unfortunate this comment is
very out of place it disgusted me so much it
disgusted me so much
eh It disgusted me so much to
watch this video The truth is because I
think it's a super out of
place super disrespectful comment and I sincerely hope
this stops everything for everyone That it does
n't happen again that we have
respect because it is something degrading and I
hope that measures are taken about it
and I hope that measures are taken
but let's see if this is broadcast This is
going through my head José
Thank you very much and now you will tell me everything Javi is that
now everything is going to be related to the
evening Yes of course if it was
made easy for me
but if it was given to us  Of course
now each and every one of those who
go to the evening, each and every one
of those who go to the evening will
always have to
not get indignant about anything ever again
because on top of that they get indignant about these
nonsense and then now you say, well
if next week you're going to the evening
then next week you're going to the
semi-evening.
Of course they didn't make it easy for me they gave it to me
or in other words they
gave you a pass to the center How not to
score a goal no no but it's with everyone
with everyone
But you know why you know why Because
I can buy you gemita that this
comment disgusts you, it doesn't disgust you, you
find it unfortunate whatever the subject is that
I think what happens here is that
everyone is disgusted also by Coco
and everyone also thinks it's terrible that
Costco is there in the Main of the evening
what happens is that since they do
n't want to reject the invitation or without
anything public about that subject so that I would
go and continue inviting him And as
Cristinino
Cristinino Cristinini said,
stay within their wheel Well of
course now these things happen  emit
How it has been here gemita the truth is
I hope that measures are taken in this regard It
seems to me resulting measures having to
explain to people who are over
20 years old who already have hair on their
balls and in theory should have
neurons in their heads that these
comments are unnecessary, unnecessary And on top of
that they are saying them publicly
when right now they know that they have
a lot of repercussions it is true that is what I
think But I insist I believe that this is
going to be taken measures 100% by the
league man and the league will take measures to see
who is Ibai's and not Piqué's Well they
tell me that it is only Piqué's but I was and it
has a lot to do with it No man There it goes there There it goes
there for Piqué this is going to
outrage them a lot
or do you contribute something
you bet something that in the next few
hours today is Sunday in fact today there are
those who bet something that in the
next few hours go out and Bye O Piqué
saying that they condemn these attitudes
and put some kind of sanction on the
kid
you bet something
because there is a like in all places
there are some behaviors that you have to
follow and respect and that is very out
of place yes I'm talking about the clip that has
gone viral and that and that and that they
just asked me of course there has to
be respect exactly if there
is enough [ __ ] with the whole issue of
women's football and we have to put up with
retrogrades all retrograde for saying
who he would hook up with but let's see
wait Let's see let's see let's see
as far as I know he hasn't said who he
wants to murder or who he wants to
cut out and steal their organs or I mean as far as
I've heard what the
kids have done who he would hook up with no And
who he hooked up with and if he has hooked up
with someone from the Club
Where are the retrogrades there that are those that are those that are
old things now the
kids today they hook up with girls
look at girls with boys or
how it's going
How's it going Well I'm already getting older I
'm getting older
every Saturday or Every [ __ ] day
talking about women's football and giving my opinion
on women in football All that's
missing  now that Kiss
League players incite making comments make
more comments of this type but what
kind of gems are the comments that
one is hot that one is more beautiful
that he would hook up with one But what is wrong with
those comments emit
what is wrong with those comments
retrograde it's dala msd You are really
retrograde my goodness I'm going to ban him man
look here I have already made it clear the type
of audience that cannot come here or
if it comes at least they should not
demonstrate
By the way, speaking of that type of
audiences
from what I have been told there are lawsuits from
what I have been told there are lawsuits for
some channels I am
not going to say anything until they
are put or answered
proposals I think they are what
Pablo is going to carry in fact Oh
please you have to see the things that he
said to her axozer totally
totally it
is true it is true
How good look at you that the first thing
that comes to mind the first thing that
comes to mind always these
people who go to the evening of course
but of course there are more is that there are
more of course
She told him the same things, let's
see, but I'm sure that by putting
Gemita
Gemita on YouTube something will surely come up, let's
see
[Laughs]
We have to talk and we have to talk
live because it's something that I've
seen live and people have happened to me I
don't know what it is but I don't care because
then they send you through DM when I give a
like, you fool
you're very attentive
Hey, I'm seeing
everything in a penis way, no,
something strange is happening to me in my head
Cristinini couldn't say it I'd rather be a
feminist until she pays me totally totally
but this is another one using
feminism oh oh the comments they
make about women's football, we don't have
enough, we don't have enough for them to
tell us things like that and The kid
what he said is if he went out with
someone or if he would hook up and no, it's not that the
kid the worst thing is that he didn't even
say it he has silenced but the thing is
that she openly and calmly says
this
Okay, everything is fine I understand
okay but it's just a minute of pure
bombshells
Gema Please deactivate there are children
watching
with you if you activate Hot mode why  you
were with Cris do you want
me to close streaming right now
Greetings my Dear gentleman a kiss
chive very polite That's how I like you to
always enter with education okay
[Music]
of age or something like that and I don't know why it did
n't come out how is it that he is very small I
say Well if I were single I would give it to him
and laughs fakely so that her boyfriend doesn't leave her she laughs fakely so that her
boyfriend doesn't
know how to take the sting out of the matter
to take 8 years
off Choche we love you he's my boy
This scene gives me cringe When I
saw it
[Music] you
know who she gave it to
okay we finished watching the clip
and let's see let's listen to what she's
offended about
Or she leaves tell the truth who you hooked up with she's
going with the dry life that one or something people
tell me that they would pay
with some sincerity you wouldn't eat
any of the Queens really you
tell me silence yourself bro Hello that's why
man they are the most fake there is everything that
these people say is fake everything but
all eh almost the whole group the whole
group this one already gives me  maybe here to
differentiate everything that these people say
are false posturing of [ __ ] I mean if
he was going to pose next week at the
party throwing his brain there or if it is
for real I mean nothing of what they
say is worthless absolutely nothing of
what they say
Alvaro saying would you eat from the quizle
seems out of place to me that is very out
of place I have seen it too and from
here I want toxic jealous I
think that all the
Kingsley players are already old enough to
know what things they can and cannot
touch this comment is very out of
place it disgusted me to see that video The
truth because it seems to me a
super out of place comment super disrespectful
and
but from the heart this is for everyone Let it
not happen again have
respect because it is something degrading and I
hope that measures are taken about it
the truth I hope that measures are taken about
it I think it is very good sister Very
good sister I like that sister that
you defend yours You are insulting to have to
explain to people who are
over 20 years old that they already have hair on
the eggs and in theory they should have
neurons in their heads is that they should
have neurons in their heads they
should have neurons in their heads it's just
wow, the kids that those
comments are unnecessary
and on top of that they are saying them
publicly when right now they know
that they have a lot of repercussions and she is
saying it publicly when they know that
right now it has a lot of repercussions and
she says it in a Stream of Greg it
is true that is what I think But
I insist I believe that this is going to be taken measures
100% by the league and so much that they
took measures with you gref like he
hit you like he gave you a walk
and so much that they took measures with you Greg
like he gave you a walk
like he hit you like he gave you a
tremendous walk beautiful
jealous scavenger my goodness my goodness You
know they have they have a
face
but it's that every man has a face
Because we just saw this I do
n't know if I should live I don't know if I should watch a video of
his brother that he uploaded against Agustín
man it's that the south let's see maybe we'll
see it now it's that I still have an
hour in the end I have an hour left  dude I
mean
what I saw today
when I got here
and I saw in a video on Nauter
a thumbnail
that
seemed to imply that the million
that had been talking to Cristinini
that they had made peace and all that I say no I don't think so I don't think so this no this
can't
be or rather this can't be no but
I go on Twitter
and I get a tweet from neurofunker
that says the million has said this live
you're going to freak out this I'm warning you I mean
if you guys freaked out about Gemita
if you freaked out about Gemita with this
we're going to make a wave I'm saying with this you're
going to be a wave
the million has said live that
Cristinini thanked him privately
for his support when he reacted to Dallas' video
she also apologized for having
called him a
psychological abuser
and I say [ __ ] that's not a byte or anything like
that okay so
Cristinini
that Cristinini
has gone to watch
the New York live reacting
to the video of the evening
to the video of the evening to Dallas' video
about her I
mean  he went to see the reaction of the
million because he was interested in what
the major was going to say, I think that I think
that why he went to see what
the major was saying was to see if he would release
the million to report him, no, New
York said in his reaction that he had
a lot of information on that subject
and that he knew things about that subject but in order
not to give more material to Dallas, in order not to
give more material to Dallas, he was
not going to say it, okay. But
now we are going to see the clip of the million
but
where is the defense Where is the defense of the
million to Cristinini
Where is the defense, in other words, what was the
defense of the million to Christianity
and where did he deny the million to Cristinini? In
other words, to Dallas where did he deny it, if not the
million He did not deny anything, the million. The whole
reaction was insulting Dallas,
saying some things about how it was a
lie, okay, saying outrageous things that
were lies,
making up some things, he gets
angry with Cristinini because
Cristinini tells Dallas that the
million is a psychological abuser.
Elena Good afternoon, daughter, I
was just looking at your WhatsApp, Elena, you're going to
freak out, I don't know if you're following Chelore
because  you are very tangled up with the other
lords by the way Today is
my Lore's birthday congratulate everyone I
love you my life
Today is the birthday it's the birthday I didn't
put a tunnel or anything But
because we were at the beach all day
and we weren't high now I will
put it listen to me cloth cloth I
mean let's see if I understand
before seeing the click of a million it's worth
a kiss from bn I mean let's
see if I don't understand
the million when he breaks up with Cristinini he
sticks for months or I don't know how long
humiliating her
and laughing at her I don't have enough time for
so much gossip Elena Really I mean let's
leave life Go at my pace Elena if
you see that I'm coming to be a [ __ ] you'll
come to be a [ __ ] if I had but that's what you
all have to do in the morning
you get up coffee the lollipop after a while
Javier Oliveira well Javier
gets on at dawn because I upload it
kind of a can okay but Javier Iveira
gets on like at 5 or 6 in the
morning at 8  in the morning the lollipop
after eating the little one at night
the 3 alseo then there is an extract in
between through all the channels the salt would be
at 12 at night I think it is uploaded
that they are edited videos that by the way
laser would be the salt would go like a shot
But well, let's go let's go
analyze the situation to see if I
get it, I mean, it turns out that it turns out that
This really freaks me out, it turns out
that
the million for weeks, months, I don't know
how long, he
humiliates Cristinini
completely humiliates her, makes a meme about her,
gives her nicknames,
Cristinini gives her a strike when she goes
for him, I don't know how many videos laughing at
her,
the oldest dedicates it to her, I mean, ex-partner, her
ex-partner, the million dedicates
more than half an hour to her live, we have the clip, I have it
edited, I have it cut, I have it
anyway, okay,
insulting her where he tells her dozens of
times, you [ __ ] [ __ ], you [ __ ]
[ __ ], you're going to eat my balls, you're
going to [ __ ] eat my dick or something like that, he
says no,
the only reason you're not
working at McDonald's is all
[Music]
imbecile I don't know how many times or half an
hour in front of thousands and thousands of
people insulting his ex-partner
live okay
Cristinini in that call that you
of course that you of course You don't
know all the call okay but already the
part that we see we see things no Cristina
in that call puts him green to the million
in the call with Dallas and claims that the
million psychologically abuses her
Mister corso a huge kiss Thank you very much
In that call with Dallas he says that the
million psychologically abuses her
says Cristinini eh
And that the thing that has put a
legal request on him sent him a burofaz
through the lawyers I don't know what
move so that he had to stop because
the guy wouldn't stop he already asked him several
times and he wouldn't stop okay
In addition to that In addition to that
Cristinini does a live
does a live that we reacted to
last week okay
in which she starts to cry
saying that she can't take it anymore with the
psychological abuse that has gone up
with her ex and so on I don't know how much
she says it eh And there we react not the
million says she is insinuating that I have
abused her  psychologically And I told him
no I'm not insinuating it I know what
an insinuation is okay for example
maurg's ex partner
insinuates that Mau RG
mistreats her in some way that he doesn't
pay child support and that it's
a form of abuse in case you don't know
okay
Rocio Carrasco is not insinuating cantonia is an
abuser
Rocio Carrasco says that Antonio David is
an abuser
Marta riesgo doesn't say Marta insinuates okay
And cristinini is not insinuating
cristinini says it in no uncertain terms
in the call from Dallas and in the live broadcast
I have suffered psycho abuse
psychological abuse from this person
Okay and it turns out
that Dallas finds out things that
seemed trivial to me I said it or rather it doesn't
seem like a big deal to me it seemed more like
gossip another other other topics in the video than that
But give it a link to a video here
from chinini
And then the million takes Cristian's side
and goes against Dallas
although he says he knows stories that
Dallas has told
and takes  cristinini calls a million and
apologizes and they make up dude they're a
bunch of fakes to be on the
wheel of fame and The Followers and they
share guys are going to go to
hell at any moment the
moment the kids who follow the
Alibaba evening to the other one on the motorcycle
wake up they're going to send this whole
gang to [ __ ] What happens is that they
're already rich
when Dallas makes a video you have to
ally yourself with people but it doesn't make any
[ __ ] sense I mean it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense it
really doesn't make any [ __ ] sense Mister
corso has given away 10 members the whole
chat applause for Mister corso a
huge hug Mister corso
Elena Elena brutal It's that I've done
when I've seen it brutal that we've
talked about this subject many times you and
I
Elena is that you have to have a channel
on YouTube I've already told you
but Elena I don't know if you've seen
that but you know that I don't lie or
make anything up okay I don't know if you've seen the
clicks I don't know if you've seen the call from
give it to Cristinini but it's that
Cristinini doesn't insinuate that the millor
mistreats her that
Tinini Affirms it
but doesn't report it
that I don't know in what I don't know in what
the mockery of New York would fit Okay
and the insults of the millora
Cristinini
but suddenly a guy who
insults you during a live broadcast for half an
hour
or so it seems more serious to you than
Dallas making a video
And on top of that But this This is
incredible in all aspects because it's that
on top of that the millorno denies
Dallas or rather the million far from Far from
denying Dallas he says that he knows
things but that he doesn't tell them so as not to
give him more reason like when he leaves
dignity in the background
no no these people have no dignity not
one not one not one not one drop
these people have no dignity not one not
one not one [ __ ] drop I mean I'm
not going to impute any crime
to anyone okay it seems disgusting to me what
the million did during that live broadcast
insulting her and also with the insults and
the way of treating the insults now it
seemed disgusting to me okay I don't know
inside  what
I don't know if that can be taken as a civil or
criminal proceeding, I don't know, honestly, but I'm
sure that the way things are in Spain, they'll
send it to the women's court to
see it, you know what I'm telling you, I mean, I do
n't know where it would have gone but
I found it regrettable, I
mean, and this guy hasn't asked for forgiveness for
those insults to Cristinini, this guy was
banned from Twitch and he's on the verge
of losing his Twitch channel
and this guy hasn't asked for forgiveness, but not
only has he not asked for forgiveness,
but he justifies it every time
the topic comes up, I mean, every time they
bring up the topic of that live that
we have, he doesn't say, [ __ ], I messed
with Cristina, and I beg your forgiveness on my
knees. I really disgust in that
live, how ugly, no no no no no no no
no, he doesn't
notify and says that he got angry, that he got angry
because he
put him on strike, let's
see, son, if they put you on strike, well, it's
okay that you dedicate a live,
pissed off because he says, [ __ ], that's
censorship, [ __ ], this was legitimate use. Or
be that you are a fool whatever you
want but a live half hour
calling the girl of all saying
that the only reason why she is not
working at McDonald's
and your chat the things that they are saying I mean
to the women's court that would have gone
eh if you report yourself kiss I already
say it and I say it and I will say it all my life and I
hope the guy has made me a debate one
day so I can tell him okay because he
lies about that subject and he says that
Dallas
he says that Dallas laughed at him
because he said in you and I don't know what didn't agree with him
no he says that Dallas no no
Dallas did not laugh at you
that they banned you because he is a very bad
person he is cheerful but because you
were wishing that they would close his
channels when you were doing
that on your Twitch
but come on to me what Cristinini does on a
Christian level seems crazy and
wonderful eh I mean we are no longer
talking about that one day he will make a String
saying that he would not wear a bag from
a designer who has made
sexist comments and then with  her grapefruit present
the evening no no no no no now We are
talking Now about
personal issues of her directly So you
forgive him
and you start talking to him
to associate against the other that what
the other has done to you in the video is
[ __ ]
or rather and when I react to the video I
said it to me the video seems like a or rather it's
okay because it's gossipy okay but
but what are the things in the video don't
seem right to me you know
the reality is that after I
reacted to the Dallas video Cris
got in touch with me on top of that she
got in touch with him on
top of that she got in touch with him
this is a [ __ ] shame
for some reason they were boyfriends It's not that
none of the group is free
and also she affirms
In addition, she signs that now surely
places have it here at
hand for me I will do it she affirms the following General rule it is a very false world and there are many masks and you have to get into the wheel a little luckily unfortunately you know and it exhausts me I do it exhausts me having to get into the wheel
but luckily unfortunately he has to get
into  in the wheel eh says she was complaining
about hypocrisy being a hypocrite XD
pathetic aunt ota it exhausts me a lot it
exhausts me to see it it exhausts me to feel it I like it I do
n't like it because it's all about seeing who sucks whose
dick more to see if you
get into the wheel because if not they'll take you out
of the wheel I don't like it man and I end up
mentally exhausted normal I mean
she's already telling you she's already
telling you that if you don't
behave like that they'll take you out of the wheel I mean
this is tremendous I
mean everyone's followers
have become
the elite I mean you have to be
inside a wheel Cristina and to
have a job but if you work in
Spanish television they've chosen you
now for the Grand Prix she
has dubbed I don't know what in I don't remember
what movie that gave her dubbing now they've
also chosen her to present a
program on hbo she
has been presenting on Movistar I don't know
how many years You want it an ambitious one
but at a
greedy level more than ambitious
ambition is good but greed
breaks the bag
no  He's a hypocrite because he says he doesn't
like it but he doesn't deny that he participates no he doesn't
affirm that he participates in the wheel because
luckily unfortunately he has no other choice
with this mentality because
the things that are happening are happening, I mean it's
tremendous it's
tremendous
okay And he thanked me in general for
the vast majority of the takes and that
at least I had
talked about the subject and such
what he thanked me for talking about the subject
Diego a kiss Thank you very much welcome
But why does Cristina not even thank him for
talking about the subject If the million He didn't deny anything that
Dallas said
and I told him Well that's very good but it
still really gets on my nerves that you can say
or insinuate that I
psychologically abused you say I understand very well
that you felt offended by the
memes after the relationship or the
videos that you
can say or insinuate about saying the
million leave the million stop stating I don't
know if it's so that people don't repeat it what
what but stop saying that your
girlfriend that your ex girlfriend has insinuated it
that she hasn't insinuated it the million that
she claims it that she says it has
said and has said many more things about you
that you don't know but behind his back he has said
many more things about you
okay But stop insinuating it's not that he
insinuates it that he didn't insinuate it the New York
that directly accuses you
of psychologically abusing you
say I understand very well that you have
felt offended by the memes
after the relationship or the videos
that we made with stanics or whatever it is
not a half hour live
insulting a million stop creating in
your audience the false mantra that
cristinini was offended by a meme and
quotes her Thank you very much
stop stop creating that false mantra
with the people that those of us who are here in
the gossip know it and we have the
videos So it's not because of the memes
that he insulted her for half an hour in
a live man
that you said a lot of things about her
You know I apologize for it
that you don't you don't you don't have to
apologize for the memes
that you should crawl on the
floor that he didn't report you for
being in a live telling him about  all
those insults that you told him
that you can shove the memes up your
ass man that's nonsense
from Vicra a kiss you see How he doesn't
regret it he doesn't regret it I want to
hide it he denies that it happened he denies that
it happened But it would be
very good if in the next stimulus
anything you commented something and said That
obviously in the relationship
absolutely nothing happened that could accuse
me of being an abuser or anything like that you know
and obviously he told me he agreed with me and
apologized you know
now I'm saying it now I'm telling you something that makes
sense It's that you have to be careful
when saying that okay you can
feel feel psychologically
bad for me for what happened after
the relationship but of course when you
simply in a video with Dallas you let it
fall that he mistreated me psychologically
many people could interpret it in the
way that I was a complete
terrorist in the middle of the relationship you know
let's see Really this guy It's that
intelligence pursues him but the thing is that
he runs a lot he's very fast
Listen to this please Listen to this
psychologically bad for me for what
happened  after the relationship but if
you yourself in a live
strawberry candy if you yourself in your live stream you start
to say
that you understand that Cristinini may have
felt bad psychologically because of
you
How do you intend to blame her for
saying that she has been psychologically abused
What kind of candy do you have in your head
the million What kind of candy a
strawberry kiss I mean let's see me if my ex
comes out and says that I have
psychologically abused her the last thing that
occurs to me to admit in a live stream is that I understand
that you may have felt bad
psychologically because of me of
course when simply in a video with
Dalas you let it fall well that he doesn't let it
fall that he doesn't let it fall
that he doesn't let it fall that he affirms it that he doesn't let it fall it
fell no I wasn't going to say one
thing
that I was going to say one thing but let's have a
party in peace of who fell
[Laughter] I
have ruined the joke it would have been a
good joke but listen to me that he didn't
let it fall that he affirmed it that he
affirmed it that he
abused me psychologically many
people could interpret it the way
I was  a complete terrorist
half makes some anti awards the greed
of the year would be won by Cristina because
hypocrisy would take it and by
screwing up Mosto's career
Well who would win the awards I do
n't even know who would win the
award
Elena have you understood okay the relationship you
know
Even at that moment fell she fell
or Cabrera on the curb my current girlfriend freaked
out and said to me dude why is this
person saying that about you if it
comes to me you know
and it pissed me off the truth at
least say it to defend myself on this
subject because it is something that is [ __ ] and I
always take everything as a joke So you
are defending yourself on this subject
that you are defending yourself on this subject
saying that you understand that she feels
bad psychologically because of you dude do you
think that is a defense do you
think that is a defense dude I mean you
are shorter than the sleeves of
Jordi Wilde's t-shirts I mean I am
hallucinating with this I mean it
is tremendous but these
are serious things let's see if And well
then make it publically clear that
she privately at least in the
sense of the issue of calling me an
abuser Or that there was
psychological abuse that she already referred to after
having left him okay
this [ __ ] guy
is clarifying that when she calls him an
abuser she is not referring to the relationship
but after I
heard this wrong wait
this I didn't hear it right this this
no this I didn't hear it
right wait this I heard this
wrong wait
serious and Well then make it public
that she privately at
least in the sense of the issue of
calling me an abuser Or that there was
psychological abuse that she already referred to
after having left him and for
public issues on social networks Oh okay hey Okay very
clear very clear thanks for the
Thank you for the clarification the truth is
that your image has been left very clean
thank you very much really
Thank you very much the truth is I needed
this clarification in my life I believed
that you had insulted her in
a Stream but private I believed that
the Stream where you insulted me privately
the truth
mother of God but how the [ __ ] did you
happens to say that Elena Tell me something
please but this this what the [ __ ] did
this kid just say
but this boy what the [ __ ] did he
say
no basically I want to clarify that she
in private
Carmen a kiss no no I want to clarify that I
want to clarify that she in private
now I have to give an exclusive bombshell
on this subject okay now I have to give an
exclusive bombshell on this subject
that I have to clarify to you that she in
private that I understand that she is
feeling bad psychologically because of me
But she clarified that she
told me in private and she clarified to me that she
is referring not to during the relationship but
after and in public that the things that I have
done to her have been a public to
say a life absolutely nothing
negative that has happened between the
two of us that it has been in private everything
absolutely has been Public [ __ ]
great then the twist [ __ ] great we were we were
much
calmer the million I have to give you
a bombshell now eh attentive eh what at
least it is now
Nothing happens okay very clear very clear thank you very
much okay Thank you very much Miguel bomb on
this subject bomb on this subject bomb on
this subject for
a while
for several hours of  done
that Javi in ​​the end fixed schedule afternoon live shows
he has been live
today during the afternoon
kiritzinini has been live
and on this subject he has
n't said anything he hasn't
said anything he paid the million
you're really stupid it's because of things after
the relationship and in public Thank you
really thank you I always trusted I always
trusted Let's
see the thing with Uncle Sur lasts 40
minutes and the thing is that I have less than 40
minutes of live so I would like to watch it in its
entirety let's
see can I meet up with you guys
can you meet up in the afternoon to, I
mean I can meet up with you guys later at
night to watch it at the lazy hour I
did it on top of laughing hahaha You
don't deserve this gossip channel right
now everyone pressing
pressing the subscribe button
everyone everyone pressing the
subscribe button
giving away some members over here let's see
what I don't see giving away the members
giving away some Likes
go on giving
me away in life giving me away my life what is it
But what happened
to Uncle Sur with with Agustín I mean is it worth it for me to
open live
he is the south speed  2 and problems
solved name already but he said that with my
reaction 40 minutes this can last two
hours let's see I
could meet with you then I
could meet with you
around 1:30 in the morning or
something like that to watch it if you want
because at 2:30 when I finish the
live with Marina I have to record noti
okay
from Javi oliveira and if you want we can
meet at 1:30 and watch it
or we'll see it tomorrow afternoon Is
there any other topic that we can watch
before we go it's that I was thinking about the guy
but of course it occurred to me it's because it's
slipped my mind The time
V brett gives me time to react something like
half an hour or something like that
a kiss shizuka how are you how are you Let's
see it's that I'm seeing everyone
watching things from this Mike
watching things from this mae I mean the topic
of the week is
going to be this one it
's that I'm looking forward to doing a
compilation
of a bunch of streamers yuca
Thank you so much gorgeous Hey
everyone, give it a round of applause So suca who has
given away 10 members around here
I'm really crazy  for making a
compilation
these days of the streamer who are going
to complain about the mae made And they are not going to
say anything about coscu and they are going to go to
the evening I am really looking forward to
What could we react to before
we go some more things
already places only seen what seen what seen
in the group I have
seen in the group it is a shame
what topic could we see what topic was
left pending at the Seo
what I am going to do is leave and I am going to
prepare the live of
and I am preparing the live Alejandro a
kiss Ah
yes [ __ ] Yes yes it is true luare it is true luare
Send me the places it is true [ __ ] well I
had it in mind I don't know why I got fed up it is
true it is true let's
see a second I have to listen to
something you
can take this clip okay with what I am
going to say you
can take this clip with what I am going to
say and put it on Twitter okay you have to
put this on Twitter
okay you
have to put this on Twitter
but right now Okay right
now okay
at 10:30 today at 10:30 the
live starts in  telesalseo okay
today is Sunday Sunday with Marina hernal
okay Sunday and Marina starts tomorrow on
telecinco but Sundays and Wednesdays are
on tv salseo
today we have
the exclusive answer
from Nuria
Marta riesgo's ex friend why
Marta riesgo has exploded on Instagram today
and the internet has exploded
Marta has had a fight with her friend
Nuria
is going to dress Marina for telecinco enal
Marta arriesco explodes on her account they
will say it all afternoon today
and on your channel
reference for gossip number 5 because we have
five channels
we have
the exclusive answer from Nuria from
moda resiliencia
at 10:30 I love you like crazy on
tele salceo okay what's
more tonight the live show is coming up so hot
that I might as well do it
naked
share it on Twitter the clip to see what a nonsense nonsense nonsense
and outrageous nonsense and outrageous nonsense
and outrageous nonsense
about India
eh nonsense And outrageous about Naim
Darrechi I mean to start with they
meet at the airport in Mexico
together Nain  and Jerry no and there were a lot of
people like
amazed freaking out that nobody
was with Jerry again that they got
back together
[Music]
no I mean I said it from the first
moment that I was sure that that would
happen I mean I've seen a lot of
couples that are like these I mean it's the
typical couple that are like that toxicity they
yell at each other they insult each other everything is ideal they
get green with each other
accusing each other of abuse they
show Cardinals to their friends look
look
together as if it were a necessity I mean it
's a type of relationship that is like that not
for me because there are a lot of people who say
the strongest thing is that they are together for
me the strongest thing is not that they are
together
for me the strongest thing is the embarrassing
spectacle with the press
let's see it let's see
How are they she acts politely I mean
she acts well
and I don't understand if she is acting
well and politely
and they are treating her well because if
things already get out of hand or whatever I
understand that cuts but it's that from
the second one one he behaves like that Good morning
Now we are glad to see them together after so
much that if they had already  finished if
not if not it's better to always
hear it spoken Thank you, nice to meet you
pass pass he's telling her
step by step and she's saying Thank you,
nice to meet you smiling no and you're going to [ __ ] up no
a little bit
up the ass no a little
bit man you're a public figure treat the press well they are people who are working there for 400 euros a month who have been sent there to make you ask You answer if you want and if not no but it's that they're not even chasing you they're not even they haven't had
time not even anything
with permission giving us very late for my
flight thanks you
can't touch the cameras you know that's
a crime in Mexico [ __ ]
you go [ __ ] yourselves
I say how embarrassing I mean
really how embarrassing
I seriously don't care [ __ ] you I mean I mean what
he just told them the
argument that he just gave them
seems serious to you
photo by virus with coco on Twitter so
friends
mother of love
and the girlfriend of By virus feminist and the
girlfriend of beirum feminist that goes up
Well in
Instagram feminists mother of God no no I'm serious eh [ __ ] off a little not always trying Excuse me I'd like a suitcase Hey son of a [ __ ] dude this guy is not well This guy is not doing well but they're so famous Like to be on
TV
yeah JJ Yes yes yes [ __ ] Yes
image Mexico Of course yes
[Music]
Calm down leave people alone move aside make way man let her go she does
n't want to do anything let her go she
's pregnant let her [ __ ] off you
're going to [ __ ] off now I
'm telling you brat now
[ __ ] off I'm telling you brat on top of that he
says brat on top of that he
says
my love for ass
right now in India he's being
detained transferred to a
Public Ministry in the city but there's more there's
more Now more videos are coming out
because there's more there's more he
did worse he did worse there's kicks and there's
everything
transgressing the media at
the airport
[Music]
ass now comes the rest now comes the
rest squeeze boy Come on when you
react like this it's because you
're not used to reacting  like that
Sometimes things happen, I mean this isn't the
first time, eh It's good that they arrested him
Gio Gio who assaults another person Of
course he is arrested But we have
talked about this here many times, I mean, I have
filed complaints against people who have
threatened me with assaults
and the people of the people who are
followers of this applauding you know how Of
course I understand that when you applaud
because they have the same mentality of course obviously
very obviously they are not I mean what this
guy is doing is not
intelligent it is not an argument at all
no it does not agree with you on anything
violence
is to be [ __ ] already I'm
telling you kid already you call
a man who is working a kid you
call a man who is
working a kid when he is starting to fight
kicks and everything I
mean but apart from that I have
things that I do not understand I mean when you
are doing this
no longer in private Imagine when they
are not recording you Not in the street because you
fight with someone or whatever
because anyone can
record you yes yes you stop if there is aggression
you can go to the hospital they will go to you  report
Likewise, I mean, but when you're
doing this you
know that they're going to, you know that they're going to
arrest you, right? I
mean, they're going to condemn you for that, right?
Because they make a zone, because you do
something and you
know what the consequence is,
man, if you have no other choice because
someone is attacking you or a
vulnerable family member,
but why do you do something and you know
what the consequence is? I
mean, you think that you're going to do what you're
doing here, that you're coming across as a [ __ ] boss, that you
're coming across as a [ __ ], or that they're
going to applaud you. I
mean, the consequence is that they're going to arrest you,
all the reporters
have already reported it, what a disaster, of course, [ __ ] off,
the camera costs money, I know it, I know,
dude,
look how he leaves, I
know, dude,
and this is another guy
arrested for hitting cameramen
at the airport,
take a look, this is the punch and the kick
from the perspective of the camera that's
kicking him. Look, on top of that, we're
going to see, there are many things for which
the first thing is that if you
do this, of course, they arrest you, just
give I mean, have you seen the
consequences that just
one person has had just for threatening me, do you
remember, not
just for threatening me, he already paid 600 euros,
well, he didn't pay it, and the airport is a
Federal Zone, not a State Zone, and what would
they change? Echo, I mean, it's worse, it's not the
same in this case, in fact, like that, I mean,
but be faithful, just for threatening
600 euros plus the coast,
okay,
imagine, imagine
executing it,
executing some threat, hitting
someone, I mean, simply the
act of hitting someone or
kicking someone or something like that, okay, you
can be arrested, okay, and if you're not in
your country, they might not let you enter
that country anymore, okay, on
top of that, you're doing it
in an airport
full of cameras and everything,
but on top of that, you're doing it in
an airport with cameras that are recording you, on
camera, that are recording you
in airports, any crime is worse.
Oh yeah, well, I didn't know that,
any crime in the Federal Zone is worse. Oh yeah,
that's why I didn't know that.
And why, what's the reasoning for
that?
Jenny went out to apologize, in fact,
well, she didn't even get here with him.
he's left alone Hitting the
reporters
the journalists didn't even show him
disrespect of course if you say Well they
're putting the camera inside your
hotel room
they're recording your son
okay Maybe if someone comes and
records my son Maybe if he threw the
camera at him or hit him to
take it away and it broke it broke but not
with this aggressiveness and with these
insults you know what I'm telling you it's a
crime against the nation because they are Yes
but by what reasoning I mean what
reasoning is there I mean the sentence is
greater for being at the airport
yeah Javi Because the states have
slightly more flexible laws
But what's the reasoning I mean I did
n't know I don't know if this is true
or not
my goodness
apart from the sentence No one can be
banned at any airport in addition to
the indefinite revocation of the passport and
notification upon descent to put it
as a non-ungrateful person does he
have a criminal record
this 21 year old boy has spent
18 months in jail
that no one has spent 18 months in
jail says let's remember that this boy has
spent  18 months in jail that's not
true
18 months in jail in Laín
because he's a very
good guy, my God
that kid has completely lost his mind, it
's that in itself,
committing any crime is
serious but committing it on camera at an
airport with cameras that are recording you
Yes, in Spain no one has been in jail for 18 months,
the Mexican press is the worst that
exists, I see, I see, but that doesn't sound familiar to me
eh it
doesn't sound familiar to me, we
would have talked about it, let's see. I know they
arrested him, a fight too. No, here in
Spain they arrested him once for a
fight with the police,
he was also charged with the
Mosto Papi interview, too, no
because Irene Montero said, I don't know what,
an ex reported him, if I'm not mistaken,
an ex-girlfriend also reported him, he can't return to Spain, that doesn't sound familiar to me, eh, to be honest, Jack, you still can't make donations like the Beats, there you can give away subs on Kick, they haven't
released King Nations yet,
what you can do is give away subs.
I appreciate it all and
if you do it through here because the
[ __ ] because I get more
too violent as To let him
get on a plane man let's see
if you commit the crime in a Federal zone it's
as if you committed it against all of Mexico
State is let's say less serious because it is not
considered a national threat
well I didn't know that The truth is I did
n't know that The truth is the Federal thing
is something more because of the patriotic feeling
in Mexico and it aggravates any crime
Dallas has said it several times Well no I didn't
know I did
n't know let's see I'm going to look into it I'm going to
look into it
a federal crime is a criminal act
that violates the federal laws and legislation
of the United States or a
criminal act that is committed against the
Federal Government of the United States or
on Federal property it
means that he violated certain conditions
that justify that his case has been played
at the federal level and not at the state level well Okay well Okay
guys I'm going to
prepare the live on tele salseo we'll
see you there I do
n't know what I could ask you I don't
know what I could ask or in exchange
so that if you buy it or rather you
buy it you don't complete it if we do it
or rather you want that  let's meet later at
one thirty in the morning to watch
Uncle Sur with Agustín
to see what happened with El Kung what
are you telling me look what just
happened with [ __ ] el Kun trending
right now because he just exploded let's
see they're on King today which is Sunday
no fair he
's calling him an idiot it's not the context
because he's calling someone an idiot I'm
serious yes I'd better
tell me to my face your mother's [ __ ]
tell me to my face no you're joking you're
joking no no no we're not
going to see no
what let's see they're joking playing with the
horny guy in Latin he
says I'll do it with roofs
Ibai's team beat the one like
that he gets into football
Take it I
'm serious yes I'm
talking to you better tell me to my face
your mother's [ __ ] tell me to my face
Now I understand why Will is calling
this guy Because he's the spitting image of
Will Smith he
's the spitting image of Will Smith not this guy
But what did he say to him For
eBay to get all worked up saying he's
joking But what is it  He told him
no no no no no he's
joking he's
joking
Ah why is he doing it like that I
mean because they scored a goal on his
team and why is he doing it like that man
I really do these
people
these people
have a super fragile ego that
closing
Take it
Take it I
'm talking to you seriously yes I'm
talking to you better tell me to my face
your mother's [ __ ] tell me to my face
man So the only thing he said to him
is I mean they're playing soccer they're
joking around not to have the things that I see I'm trying to look for maybe a bigger clip I'm trying to look for some long weather those are the leaders those of ibai Llanos celebrate it let's go directly with the protagonists in that super booth there's
overbooking they celebrate it there's a lot of
streamers and
you have to bring the cobra all the
people who didn't trust you Hey the people
who didn't trust us
we caught him there going doing
his thing with the foosball and Bye the cobra I'm
throwing a party today for those who have left
cry keep crying with him keep
crying
reggaeton singers three goals automatically like that
dad incredible Hey game  eh I
know it
but
[Music]
little one
and Bye this cobra on you Hey people who are
trusting us, we
catch each other there, go doing
their thing with the soccer games ibai, the cobra I'll
throw him the party today
But what does his face have to tell you?
You cried because you lost
a game and what is there to
discuss about that, I mean What is the what
is the problem regarding that,
man, he has some attitudes and things
that are not civilized
listen to me
eh tell it to my face, I mean, let's see, I
understand that you tell me Tell it to my face
if you insult me ​​and let's see if you insult me
or say something serious to me then you
can go and Tell it to my face if you're
capable and he denies it or you know
but it's that he didn't say anything it's that
he's not joking I mean on the
face he's making They're not
joking faces
Will tell him what I said Javi, don't pay any
more attention to him it's another type of education what
type of education is it that you fix it
with hits
and you like football no no it never
calls my attention But well I don't
understand what kind of other type of
education But man what are they telling you
cry I mean it's that you still tell me that he
answers with Hey that one can go
[ __ ] himself or something like that but
tell it to my face
that when there's a melody the face but what does he have to I mean what is it that you like
What does he have to
tell you that what is so important that is what there is
knows it has been
said that you are an imbecile salami it
's not a joke eh Hey What happened it's
not your program it's not your
program Come on Come on Take it Come on silly silly
a kiss
that he is seriously angry about that but
let's watch football I understand that there are
games that they win and others that they
lose no I
mean but to get angry is that he is
really angry is that he is
really angry I mean he is
angry
when not even I mean because he is the
president no his team has lost but it
is the players' fault no Or however
the circumstances of the
game have occurred  I mean it's not even like
he played him bad or something like that
and they're laughing at him they'll
close
Take it you idiot Take it Take it I
'm talking to you seriously yes I'm
talking to you better tell me to your face
your mother's [ __ ] tell me to my face
no no no no he's not
joking he's joking What a good
guy right Lautaro there
are boys
football always deserves an applause
yeah
Uy the rabbit left Yeah it seems like
Kun left and he's leaving for that reason
and he leaves
and leaves the call
Well he didn't
say anything then he got his ass hot
I mean all this It was
totally serious yes it means no
lies relaxing with I don't know why Why are
you crying I mean because you get upset so I'm getting
hot I would get hot anyway
for someone I don't know
But you're going to get hot for football
guys I have to go I
have to go a kiss see you at
1:30 at